README.md, before:

# **Travel Companion Platform**

## Group Members

(Alphabetical)
- Arman Singh
- Haolin Chen
- Jiaqi Chen
- Junran Tao
- Mahesh Swaminathan

## Introduction

Our website is a forum for travel enthusiasts where users can share their 
travel routes & plans as well as discovering & commenting on travel routes of others.
It also help users find travel companions by matching users that have overlapping 
travel plans.<br>
Travel routes are meant to be hypothetical or based on past travel experiences. 
They are for sharing and referencing purposes. Other users can comment on or "like" 
the travel route posts. This allows users to perfect their schemes with each other's help
and learn from each other's experiences.<br>
Travel plans are what users intend to carry out in the future. This gives the
basis on which our Companion Discovery Page recommend travel companions to users.
Basically, it would recommend users that would be around the same place at around 
the same time to each other based on their travel plans. The comment section under
travel plan also serves as an on-site communication method for users. <br>
We also provide a personal page function for users to keep a record of and showcase their 
travel ideas and experiences.

## Core Features

1. **Main Page**: <br>Users can discover the travel routes & plans posted by other users 
to look for new travel ideas & travel companions.
2. **Travel Route/Place Visualization**: <br>Visualizing places/routes on embedded map.
3. **Companion Discovery Page**: <br>Discover potential travel companions and friends with
the help of our recommend system.
4. **Login/Register Page**: <br>User can login to or register their own account.
5. **Personal Page**: <br>User can customize their personal page to showcase 
their travel plans, travel routes posts, interests and contact information.
Other users can make comments on this page.
6. **Edit Page**: <br>For User to edit their account information, personal page 
display, travel plans and travel routes.
7. **Follow Other Users**: <br>Following other user's account and keep updated on their activities.
8. **Search Function**: <br>In-site search for travel routes, plans and users.

## Extra Features:

1. **Chat Box**: <br>On-site chat between users.
2. **Report Inappropriate Activities**: <br>For reporting inappropriate activities; add moderator accounts that
are authorized to hide users' account & activities.
3. **Post Picture Support**: <br>Allow users to add pictures to their posts.
4. **Profile Picture Support**: <br>Allow users to have account profile pictures.
5. **Customizable Decoration for Personal Page**: <br>Let user customize some of the decorative components on personal page.

## GitHub Repository:

[Travel Companion](https://github.com/TOXXXX/TravelCompanion)

Commit message:

Finish Readme with installation instruction

README.md, after:

# **Travel Companion Platform**

## Installation

Before following the installation instructions below, your system will need the latest version of node.js and mongodb.

1. `npm install` - installs all the package dependencies
2. copy the `.env` file provided to the project root
3. `npm run seed` - seed database
4. `npm start` - run the application

## Group Members

(Alphabetical)
- Arman Singh
- Haolin Chen
- Jiaqi Chen
- Junran Tao
- Mahesh Swaminathan

## Introduction

Our website is a forum for travel enthusiasts where users can share their 
travel routes & plans as well as discovering & commenting on travel routes of others.
It also help users find travel companions by matching users that have overlapping 
travel plans.<br>
Travel routes are meant to be hypothetical or based on past travel experiences. 
They are for sharing and referencing purposes. Other users can comment on or "like" 
the travel route posts. This allows users to perfect their schemes with each other's help
and learn from each other's experiences.<br>
Travel plans are what users intend to carry out in the future. This gives the
basis on which our Companion Discovery Page recommend travel companions to users.
Basically, it would recommend users that would be around the same place at around 
the same time to each other based on their travel plans. The comment section under
travel plan also serves as an on-site communication method for users. <br>
We also provide a personal page function for users to keep a record of and showcase their 
travel ideas and experiences.

## Core Features

1. **Main Page**: <br>Users can discover the travel routes & plans posted by other users 
to look for new travel ideas & travel companions.
2. **Travel Route/Place Visualization**: <br>Visualizing places/routes on embedded map.
3. **Companion Discovery Page**: <br>Discover potential travel companions and friends with
the help of our recommend system.
4. **Login/Register Page**: <br>User can login to or register their own account.
5. **Personal Page**: <br>User can customize their personal page to showcase 
their travel plans, travel routes posts, interests and contact information.
Other users can make comments on this page.
6. **Edit Page**: <br>For User to edit their account information, personal page 
display, travel plans and travel routes.
7. **Follow Other Users**: <br>Following other user's account and keep updated on their activities.
8. **Search Function**: <br>In-site search for travel routes, plans and users.

## Extra Features:

1. **Chat Box**: <br>On-site chat between users.
2. **Report Inappropriate Activities**: <br>For reporting inappropriate activities; add moderator accounts that
are authorized to hide users' account & activities.
3. **Post Picture Support**: <br>Allow users to add pictures to their posts.
4. **Profile Picture Support**: <br>Allow users to have account profile pictures.
5. **Customizable Decoration for Personal Page**: <br>Let user customize some of the decorative components on personal page.

## GitHub Repository:

[Travel Companion](https://github.com/TOXXXX/TravelCompanion)
